welcome to all friends and
friends today we bring you the top 8 of the
best football stadiums built
in minecraft starting with santiago
bernabéu the stadium of real madrid
true that it is one of the best
stadiums that I have seen in minecraft here
we see the stands here we see the stands
the truth that has a lot of
trays is one of the most
great in the world but the most and the
true that you look at this plane from the
sky that is very well achieved the
field I congratulate the creator
I remember that all the links of
download are in the description
and if fan is treated the fans
Boca Juniors is one of the most
passionates of the world and its stadium what
reflects one hundred percent as not the
bombonera the stadium of mouth
spectacularly done with the fires
artificial butt and also the
lighting the court as we can
see is at night and you see 10 points
we also see the entrance to the court the
boxes and the electronic board
transmitting an environment similar to the
bombarded a barbarous construction of
mainqué
and if we visit the stadium of madrid not
we can miss the nou camp the stadium
of barcelona more than a club says in
the stands is that it is very well done
notice the electronic sign how well
achieved that is the wardrobe with the
t-shirts even from the players
made with very well done banners and
here the stadium people and here the stadium
the truth very well done very well done
we can also see the outside
as it is well achieved simulating the
true court and a thousand on the plane from
up the truth you can not believe it is
a crazy thing
and now let's move on to one of the
mythical stadiums of europe if I'm
talking about old trafford with more
history that the manchester presents
united is one of the largest teams
of Europe its stadium is a clear
demonstration of it and this construction
made 100 percent in minecraft what
It shows totally how you look
achieves every detail the acronym of
manchester united the logo of the company
that you saw the good brand we do not know if
now what to wear another company really
and the truth is a crazy thing very
well done very well done if of
soccer courts you talk could not
miss the giuseppe meazza stadium or
commonly known as san siro
stage in which they play the inter
Milan and also the mail itself
these teams share stadiums
Italians and here we see the stadium in its
whole the truth that the size of the
work is impressive is not so great
like some others but the truth is that
It is well done as we see the arches
they seem very small they seem tiny
next to the arch for example
Santiago Bernabeu
It's a little while but the truth is that it 's
very well done is also giant the
It's already hard for me to do
houses the size of the arches imagine
remember that all download links
are below in the description that a
well done this the simple
and from italy we go to london if another
We are in England this time for
show them the stamford brigde court
chelsea a stadium that may not be
considered one of the most
history they have but the truth is that it is
a very nice stadium located in the
capital of england we can see
also some buildings nearby the
hotel also that is just pegadito
the chelsea court
the chelsea that comes from emerging champion
the premier league and here we see the
good locker rooms here are the bathrooms
here we see the changing rooms with all the
amenities here are hung the
Team shirts are missing
shirts because of course he will not play
no equipment so they are not like
we
and now we 're going to South America if the
country where football took place
nice if I'm talking about brazil I'm
talking about maracana in rio de janeiro
in the most carioca city of all
cities here we see this stadium that
reopened in the world and that always
model totally not here we see all the
seats that are made the seats of the
new stadium after 2014 after
of 2013 rather I think that in the cup
confederations was also the
maracaná and is very well achieved by the
fact that the good stalls are
transmits the aroma is transmitted the
feelings that we have when we see a
football game or when we watched the
final of the world cup or the first match of
Argentina in the world cup and they
I say that the aerial view
tactics as some people like it is very
good and now we move on to the last and the
maracana we go to the country whose
selection knew how to conquer the maximum
trophy
bolt I'm talking about germany we
let's join the allianz sand of the bayern
Munich the stadium very good the truth
what does the bayern team run for
pep guardiola that has big
football stars and we see that I do not know
they lose no detail we see the
changing rooms with the shirts of the
players we also see what comes to
be the hallways of the stadium the colts and
let's enter the court people
truth will fascinate you what is the
alianz sand imagine that sounds the
anthem of the champions and of champions and
we enter the court not the truth a
thing of what I tell you is a thing
crazy but because it's a thing of
crazy look at the immensity look at the
work that costs imagine that already
it costs to make a house five by five
Well, maybe it does not cost you
because you are the ones who know me yes
imagine what it is to build all this
without the help of programs without the help of anything
everything by hand is amazing
so guys comment what was the
stadium that they liked most what stadium
would like to see in the future to go up
my channel or what stadium do you want
check more thoroughly so good
I leave you guys I hope you have them
liked this top 8 of football stadiums
I like to leave a like if you do not subscribe
they are for more minecraft videos and
of ps fifa football and see you in
the next time you see me hehe like that
that nothing guys leave in the comments
for if we can have a better
communication was a hug a greeting and
See you soon Bye